Abstraction 
    a technique to achieve 3 main priciples of programming. this technique works by hiding
    implementation details. and it results just an API
begin()
    this is a member function of vector. that does a job to locate the first element in vector
computation
    is process producing outputs based on inputs. its performed by computer
conditinal statement
    is a statement that promotes logic. it separates or drive program action to different scenario
declaration
    this is away we set up a place in memory and name it
defenition
    is away we set up a place in memory, name it, and then insert a value into that place
divide and conquer 
    this is the second technique to achieve 3 main principles in programming. it works by divide a goal
    in to a few sub goals or objectives. for example i want to display a list of book title from my library,
    so i will take the input in this case all of the titles, process it in this case gather all of the inputs,
    and sorted it, and then output it which is display the output to the user
else    
    this is the friend of if statement
end()
    it is the member funtion of a vector. it works by locating the last element of a vector
expression
    is the most basic building blocks in programming
for-statement
    is a statement that we can use to repeat actions for a number of times. we use for statement of we know
    how much time we loop. if not we use while statement
range-for-statement
    range-for-statement is usefull for read the contents of vector or container. it has an optimized code for it
function
    is accumulated a bunch of expression, expression statements, or statements into one location. 
    and if we want to refer to those block of statements we just call the function
    so function is a way we structure a program
if-statement
    is a conditional statement that works like brain of a program
increment
    increment is an oparator. it works by adding one more value into a variable
input
    input is the source of data entered to computer to be processed
iteration
    iteration is statement that works by repeating action to the certain amount of times or while   
    the condition is true
loop
    loop is a repeated actions
lvalue
    lvalue is left value when we make expression. it works by accessing the value in memory location. it is
    oftenly used to modify a value in that variable
member function
    is a function that resides in an object. so it is actually an object's member function. it is oftenly
    called method
output
    output is the the data that has been processed by computer
push_back()
    is a member function of vector container. it works by adding data after last element in the container
repetition
    is action that is repeated again and again
rvalue
    is an expression that is oftenly used to access the value in a variable
selection
    is a statement that drives the program flow by the logic condition
size()
    is a member function of vector container. and it works by get the number of elements in container
sort()
    is standard function that works by sorting all of unordered elements in container and sort it on appropriate 
    form. for example ascending or descending
statement
    is a collection of expression. 
switch-statement 
    is similar to an if-statement. but it is commonly used of the conditions is constant, enumeration
    or not a variable.
vector
    is a container that can grow dinamycally its size
while statement
    is a statement that works by repeating actions while the condition is true.

